Part 01 : Theoretical Questions

Q1 : What is abstraction in OOP? How is it different from encapsulation? Give a real-world example (not from the 
session) that shows the difference between the two.
A1: Abstraction is an OOP concept whose goal is to hide the complexity of how the things are done, and it 
 focuses on what the components do rather than how they do it.

 It differs than Encapsulation because of:
 1. Abstraction hides the complexity,           Encapsulation hides the data
 2. Abstraction concern is simplification.      Encapsulation main concern is security by data protecting.
 3. Abstraction is considered in the            Encapsulation is applied in the implementation level.
     Design level. 

 A real-world example for Abstraction can be the Power Button of the Laptop which the focus when it's clicked 
 is what it does and its the goal rather than how it turns on the laptop.
 So it hides the complexity rather than hiding the data or protecting it.
 A real-world example for Encapsulation is that a bank that we save money in it, we can get the money from it
 and also we can set its value by adding to it or taking money from it while the money is encapsulated into an 
 count to protect it which we can consider it as the data in our example.
 
 
 
 Q2 : What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface? Give at least four differences. 
 When would you choose one over the other?
 1. Abstract Class can have constructor and instance fields.    Interfaces can only have methods and static 
                                                                 fields.
 2. Abstract Class can and cannot obligate child classes to     Interfaces obligate the class that implementing 
     have its own implemented version of a method using          it to have its own implemented version of the 
     `abstract` keyword for the method.                          method.
 3. While using abstract classes, there's no multiple           But While Interfaces, multiple interface can be 
     inheritance.                                                implemented.
 4. Abstract Class can be used when I want to create class      While interface can be more suitable to be used 
     but with a method that I want the child classes to have     when representing a capability for classes that
     its own implemented version of it, and also there's data    implements it.
     to be inherited. 
 
 We choose Abstract class if there are some methods that have implementation the child class can use and may 
  not override the virtual method and also when there's data to be inherited.
  
 While we choose Interface over Abstract Class if we want to represent a capability which the classes will have
  and also to represent behaviors that can be initially doesn't have a default, because originally methods in 
  Interfaces doesn't have implementations and also when there's no data to be inherited because Interfaces 
  doesn't have fields.
  
  
 
 Q3 : Look at the following code and answer the questions below:
 a) Can you write: Appliance a = new Appliance("LG"); ? Why or why not?
 a) Answer: No, because Abstract classes cannot be instantiated.
 
 b) What is the difference between the three methods: PowerConsumption(), Status(), and Label()? Why did the 
 designer make each one abstract, virtual, or concrete?
 b) Answer:
 - The method of `PowerConsumption()` must be implemented in the child classes.
 - The method of `Status()` can be implemented and can be not in the child classes.
 - The method of `Label()` can only be hidden by the child classes if they want to have its own implementation 
    version of it.
    
 - The `abstract` keyword is used to obligate the child classes to implement the version in their classes.
 - The `virtual` keyword is the give the child classes the ability to override the method and to give them the 
    option to implement it in their classes or not.
 - The concrete way is to apply the static polymorphism concept.
 
 c) If you call Status() on a Toaster object, what will it return? Why?
 c) Answer:
 It will return `Standby`, because the Toaster object doesn't override the `Status()` method so it will run 
 the one inheriting from the base class.
 
 
 
 Q4 : Look at the following code and answer the questions below:
 a) What is a partial class? Why would a developer split Calculator into two files?
 a) Answer: It's a class written in many files but when compiling these files are combined to construct the 
    only one class.
    A developer can split the Calculator into two files as an organizational consideration.
    In our case the developer splitted the Calculator into two files to make the main data and methods in one 
    class and the logging operations in another class.
 
 b) What is a partial method? What happens if the OnCalculated() implementation in Calculator.Logging.cs 
 is deleted — will the code still compile? Why?
 b) Answer: A partial method is a method whose declaration is written into a file and its implementation is 
  written into another file.
  The code still compile because it will skip running the `OnCalculated()` line when it runs the `Add()` method.
  
 c) What is an extension method? What are the three rules for writing one?
 c) Answer: An extension method is a method extended to a specific predefined type such as extending a function  
 that counts the spaces in a string to the String type (class).
 
 The three rules are:
  1. The class whose the extension method must be `static`
  2. The extension method must be `static`
  3. The method must have this as parameter: `this [TypeThatWeExtend] value` to define which type we extend and 
    to allow us to access the value that we runs the extension method.
    
 d) What will the following code print?
 ```C#
 Calculator calc = new Calculator();
 double result = calc.Add(19.5, 0.5);
 Console.WriteLine(result.ToCurrency());
 ```
 The output will be:
 ```
 Log: result = 20
 20.00
 ```
 👉 I researched the pattern of `value:F2` to think what the output will be.    
   
