Q1 : What is the difference between static binding and dynamic binding? When does each one happen?
A1: Static Binding binds the method to the base class method and chooses the base class method to be run 
    rather than the child hidden class.
    It can be called Early Binding also, and it works in the Compile Time.
    
    Dynamic Binding binds the method to the child class method and chooses the child class method to be run 
    rather than the base class method.
    It can be called Late Binding also, and it works in the Runtime Time at which it select which method will 
     be invoked.
    
    Static Binding happens for Static Polymorphism where there's a method hiding done by the child class.
    While Dynamic Binding happens for Dynamic Polymorphism where three conditions are met:
        1. The reference is from the parent class and the object is from the child class
        2. The `virtual` keyword is assigned to the parent class method
        3. The `override` keyword is assigned to the child class method. 



Q2: What is the difference between method overloading and method overriding?
A2: Method Overloading can be used to do Early/Static Binding in Static Polymorphism at the Compile Time   
    which is done by changing one of these:
     - Number of Parameters
     - Type of Parameters
     - Order of Parameters
    while it doesn't occur by changing the returning type.
    It also works for Method Hiding rather which can may sometimes bad because it can result to inaccurate or 
     unexpected behaviors.
    
    Method Overriding can be used to do Late/Dynamic Binding in Dynamic Polymorphism at the Runtime Time to  
    help in selecting which method will be ran the one of the parent or the one of the child.
    
    It's done using `virtual` keyword to be beside the parent class method and `override` when overriding the  
    method in the child class.
    
    It solves the problem of Method Hiding, because `virtual` and `override` works in another way than the 
    `new` or hiding methods in general.



Q3: What keywords are used for Method Overriding? What does each one mean ?
A3: As I mentioned in the previous question 👇
    1. `virtual` -> At the parent class method, which means that the class can be overrode to have another 
        implementation in the child class.
    2. `override` -> At the child class method, which means that we are defining another implementation to the 
        child class method instead of hiding it.